We will be taking the answers
to the growth strategy test.
The matrix of Igor Ansov helps us to
what?
To understand and visualize
the alternatives of growth that
a company has or to choose the
most profitable growth strategy.
The correct answer is
A.
It helps us visually understand
what the strategic
alternatives are.
Ansov determines that there are two
dimensions or two axes.
And the one we have in yellow, what axis
is it?
It is the axis in which we determine
whether we will go to current
markets or new markets.
Instead, the horizontal axis, the
axis of the X, forces us
to determine whether we will go
to new products or we will
grow with current products.
If a company is expanding
internationally, we are
talking about a market development
strategy.
Which growth strategy
carries the most risks?
Clearly it is diversification.
Why is?
You are heading to new markets
or new products.
Therefore, the unknowledge, risk
and certainty is greater or is
maximum.
Nike launches new shoes,
sponsored by a NBA strategy.
What are we talking about?
Market development, product
development and market
development.
Sure a lot of people have
responded to product development,
but it's not, because really
what Nike is doing in this
case is growing within its
current market.
The only thing that has followed
is a marketing strategy because
it has sponsored a NBA figure.
And the fact that she comes
out with new shoes is no
product development for Nike,
it is simply a new model.
So what you are doing is growing
in your current market, penetrating
the market.
Coca-Cola invests $20 million
to gain market share
in Mexico
It is clear that this is a case similar
to the previous one.
What you are really doing is investing
in marketing to grow in a market
where you are already present,
penetration into the market.
In the growth phase of a sector,
what is the most appropriate
growth strategy?
The right answer is market
penetration as well, because
if the sector is growing,
you can continue to
grow as you invest.
Therefore, it makes no sense
at this time to be thinking
about growth strategies like
product development or market
development.
You can still grow a lot within your
current market.
But here I propose something more.
What if we had to choose a
second growth strategy?
In this case, we are in
the growth phase.
We have said that the most logical
and sensible thing is market penetration.
But if we had to opt for a second
one, it seems that market
development can go in the direction.
This market is growing and
we can do so internationally.
It makes more sense to
grow internationally than
to develop new products.
McDonald's is in a disarray.
We are talking about product development.
They are now targeting their existing
customers with a new product.
However, McDonald's has also followed
diversification strategies.
Because the Mccafé, entering
the coffee shop business, is
a clear diversification
strategy because it targets
new customer segments.
We are no longer talking about
the customers of the hamburgers
or fast food.
It also comes with new products
such as coffee.
It is diversification.
The natural option for growth is
the presentation of the market.
When is it important to start
with strategies that are more
risky?
That is, for the rest.
Let us see.
The industry is in the maturity
phase.
and correct.
When it is already very difficult to grow,
it makes sense to start looking for
other alternatives.
You can benefit from synergies.
If there are synergies, you benefit
from them and say it is
an incentive to grow with
other markets, products,
etc.
When your market has stopped growing.
I think the three answers
are good.
Anorganic growth always involves
an agreement with another company.
Anorganic growth, whether a merger,
an acquisition, a gen venture,
a strategic alliance,
there is always a second
company.
And among the following, which
formulas do not correspond
to an inorganic growth strategy?
Gen venture, merger, M&A, which are mergers
or acquisitions, or the strengthening
of the distribution channel.
This is the.
Facebook has grown dramatically
around the world and in a
few years, thanks mainly
to the network effects
generated.
Facebook had a competitive
advantage and grew dramatically.
And this how did he do it?
What is due?
What is organic or inorganic growth?
We are talking about
organic growth.
It grew with its internal resources
leveraging on that strong competitive
advantage.
Facebook also bought Instagram
for $1 billion.
In this case, we are talking about
inorganic growth, an acquisition.
What are the benefits of
inorganic growth?
Does it allow you to grow faster?
and correct.
It grows much faster than it
does through your internal
resources.
Do you benefit from the know-
how of other companies?
and yes.
You buy, merge, or make an alliance
with another company and benefit
from that company's know-how.
Knowledge and a lot of things.
There are many things that this company has to do with,
and there are many synergies.
What is the most important in the
management of the company?
No to.
This is the opposite.
It's much easier when you
grow from your internal resources.
When you are incorporating
other companies, management
becomes very complicated.
It complicates culture,
complicates operations, complicates
placement, etc.
H&M reaches an agreement with a local
partner in Singapore.
And what they do is open two
stores, but what they do is create
a company in which H&M holds
a 40% stake and the remaining 60%
with a local partner.
This what is?
It is a joint venture.
Organic growth helps you focus
and strengthen your current competitive
advantage.
When you grow internally, from your
internal resources, well, because
it allows you to have more focus.
However, inorganic growth
can allow you to rely on the
competitive advantage of another
company.
Both statements are correct.
Kellogg's to buy Pringles.
What do you think was the main synergy?
What Pringles benefits from
Kellogg's brand?
No, because Pringles is still
sold under the Pringles brand.
What benefits Pringles from
Kellogg's distribution channel?
Yes is.
And Amazon combines the organic
and inorganic growth strategy.
and correct.
A technology manufacturer who
previously sold through the indirect
distribution channel, i.e. through
distributors, decides to create
its own stores and compete
with its own distributors.
This could be Apple, for example.
What are we talking about?
Is it vertical forward,
backward or horizontal?
Clearly it's a vertical integration
forward because you've entered
your distributor's business.
Amazon is entering the book publishing
business.
This is the opposite
of vertical integration.
Netflix produces its own content
and audiovisual.
It is the same, it is vertical
integration backwards.
You have entered the business of your suppliers.
What are the immediate benefits
of vertical integration?
We have to select the wrong option.
Capture margins throughout
the supply chain, yes.
Yes, because when you enter the business
of your distributors, your customers,
or your suppliers, you are capturing
margins from other links
in the chain.
That is, it is a benefit.
Building barriers to entry.
Let's think of Netflix, for
example, Amazon has
developed strong entry barriers
thanks to vertical integration,
thanks to being present in more
links of the chain.
Gain market share in your current
market.
This is not an immediate benefit
from vertical integration,
because when you enter the business
of your distributors
or your suppliers, you
are not strengthening your position
in the current market, or at
least it is not an immediate benefit.
So this is the wrong answer.
What is the supply chain
of Coca-Cola?
Coca-Cola is here, it is a manufacturer.
And large stores like Harrods,
for example, because it is a retailer,
it is a distributor.